The 12 days of Clawedness is the idea of can we build 12 applications or tools in 12 days
using nothing but Clawed code.
In this video we are up to day number 2 which is we're working on the brain.
Now in day number 1 we worked on the foundation called FlyGenHarness and what FlyGen is is
an application harness in which we can call different generative AI tools for images or
videos or audio files.
But today as we move into the brain what we're looking to do is build our primary orchestrator
or main agent and we'll do that using Clawed Agent SDK.
Anyway, I'm happy Dave, let's get into it.

So let's head over to the FlyGen application that we were working on
yesterday and the idea was to get this harness up and running. It's a socket IO
system meaning that we have a server that's talking live to the client and
changes that we can do on the file system can be reflected live in the
client and so day one was really just setting up this little application. Now
I'm in the middle of making a minor change right now so at the moment we've
got settings coming through here from our configuration file and what we
should be able to do is just type in some information into a setting and hit
save and the next thing I want to do is just deal with these little icons. I don't
really like them but rather than removing them from the code I'm thinking
it might be useful to remove them from the configuration and so while I've been
talking I've just been letting a bit of code fly around over here to see whether
it's going to work so we'll come back.

Now, after a little bit of pain, and you can tell that because I'm down to 10% context,
it figured out that there was just a configuration in the tailwind, and I had told it a couple
of times to go looking for that, but finally got there.
And so we've got some changes to the system.
Notice now that we've got a nicer looking dialog box.
If we click this little button, those icons up on the left will disappear, which is what
I wanted.
And then we can save it as saving it into the configuration.
And so now we can move on to the brain, which is what we would like to alter today.
And what I'm thinking is that I probably want to get rid of a lot of the icons or what I'm
thinking is I want to get rid of those panels here and have some sort of text dialog box
that if we typed into it would work with my Claude Agent SDK, which we're going to have
to figure out how to install into the service system and use my Mac's account to just return
some sort of a result.

So we'll get started by heading over to Claude code and we'll run it with the
dangerously skipped permissions and then we'll just use the voice agent and we'll
put in a prompt. I'd like to work with the Claude agent SDK. I believe I've got
planning documents for it. I also think those planning documents point to one of
the applications or videos that I've done in the past. Can you go and identify
the information and give me a little bit of a rundown or a report on what
we've got? So we'll just let that come through and we'll press enter. So you can
see that what it's doing is using the read tool and the search tool just to
look through the file system. It's looking for some files. It's identified
the 07 BMAD Claude SDK and what that's doing is bringing up access to this
video. So here we are at story 2.1 of installing the agent SDK and this is at
the hour and 16 minute. In a video I did on using BMAD to build this
application and we can go down and we can see that there's a chapter bookmark
that you can get to to go and watch that video and that would give you in-depth
if you're interested but otherwise what we're looking at is it's come up with
some sort of a report for us. So we've got a planning document going on here.
We've also got access to where I recorded that video and where I put the
code base. If you're wondering how it found that, it didn't just search the file
system. Sometimes it'll use some skills that I've got on the computer which are
designed to either use my digital access management tool or to use my jump system
and jump system is where I'm recording videos and the jump system is how I get
to different folders on my computer. It's also found other curated documentation
I've got in my own second brain here for the agent SDK plus the original Claude
agent SDK in TypeScript is down on my computer in the JavaScript third
directory for third-party JavaScript products. So I think what we'll do is I'm
just going to go into the product donor

And at the moment I've just hit escape on that because it went into a subagent and I've got a little bit of a problem with my
Plugins and they're the way they're installed in Claude code. So I think what we'll do
Is just write in a little prompt and we'll say can you create a new requirements document that will get us started?
With the Claude agent SDK running on the server side of our application
It should also have some sort of mechanism to authenticate using the Claude agent SDK or in this case
Claude code and then when you've done that we need to write up a requirements document for this
We're not doing the development. We're just writing up the requirements document
So I'll let that go through and I'll say use PO. Hopefully that'll work
While it's doing that I'll just point out that I've been having issues with the plug-in system with
Anthropic at the moment and currently I'm using version 76 and it's been stuck there for two or three days
Which makes sense because it's actually Christmas at the moment. So I don't think they're doing any coding only
So I don't think they're doing any coding at the moment on it
So we can see the background agent kicked in so product owner create a requirements
Document PRD for integrating Claude agent SDK is reading a bunch of files that's creating a bunch of stuff as it goes
It's going to make sure it updates the backlog to pending and it's also knows that it's only writing the requirements
So it's now finished. We've got the document which will be a product requirement document for this feature
Backlog is updated and we've got the areas that it's going to work on. What we'll do is we'll start a new Claude agent and
Once that's in place, we'll go into the developer
developer is kicking off right now as
he gets started he loads the context in so he's got the backlog and
Automatically worked out that it can start with
Fr3 it says start on fr3
We'll just press the tab and press enter to kick that off
And this idea of using two Claude windows at the same time is just so that I don't poison any of the context
So the context on the left is only being kept for writing
Requirements updating the changelog or the backlog and the conversation on the right is only for development
And once I've done a little bit of development, I'll probably close it down and start up a clean
Conversation each time as well the one of the things that we can look at when we're doing this is if we go into Claude
code again and
Start it. There's a little option you can run called the
Called context and what that will tell you is just how much context you're using in the window at the moment
And it's this little graph near the top that you want to be going and looking at and what that's showing us
Is that our free space is a hundred and thirty thousand. I guess that's tokens
Is a hundred and thirty thousand tokens or 65% of the context when it first starts and it's something that you want to keep in
And it's something that you want to keep an eye on from time to time such as how big are the system tools each time?
You start a new window
So it looks like we've been
stored the SDK
So it looks like we've installed the SDK. We've got some shared types set up for the socket IO events
So that's the communication between the server and the client. It's working with the
Where you can see it's just finished creating the agent code over on the server
So now we're wiring up the socket IO to communicate with the front end
now it's kicking in and doing some sort of testing on the server and
What we can do is go down to this background tasks and see what it's running
It's doing an NPM run dev at the moment and it feels like it's finished everything
I don't know that it works. We've probably got a little bit of debug ahead of us

So, I wasn't recording when I did this bit, but let's just have a look at what I did.
I asked a question of Claude off login, how do we do it?
One of the things that came up with originally was to use the Anthropic key.
That's not the way we want to do it because we don't want to use API credits.
What we want to do is use our max plan.
Now, there's also this note here from the documentation about using your Claude off
login.
So, what we're trying to do, my ability to use my Claude max account, is really only
something I can use locally.
It's not designed for hosting an application and allowing other people to use their Claude
max accounts, but when you're building your own little application like we're doing here,
we can do it.
But we don't need to run this command right now because we've already done it, otherwise
we wouldn't be in Claude code.
And what that does is it installs here in this Claude directory, your authentication
credentials.
And that left me a little bit confused on how the Agent SDK gets working.
I did this quite a while ago.
And so, what I decided to do was use my Flyhub skill, and what that's doing is having a conversation
with this application that's right here in this particular application where we're recording
the videos, also has the video that I did, B54, B64, BMAD Claude SDK.
And one of the things going on in that particular video is that we have access to all the transcripts.
And so, the transcripts, which go for about two hours, are all available as...
And so, the transcript that's here actually tells us how to use this Claude Agent SDK.
I know it's around about the one hour and 16 minute mark.
I know it's around the one minute and 16 mark, or as we said earlier, it's number chapter...
Or as we said earlier, it's chapter 20 Claude Agent SDK, so the answer's in here.
But the good thing is, I don't have to read that, what I can do is let the Flyhub system,
which is here, is let the Flyhub system talk to that web server.
So it's talking to the web server, it's looking for B64, and from that, it found the transcript
and found the answer.
And from that, it's apparently gone and created a little file that we might be able to test,
so let's give that a whirl.

So I've got my Flygem folder open. We're just going to copy that line here and we'll paste it down.
So we're CDing into the server and then we're running this test SDK and it looks like it's giving us some information.
And so that little tool brought down all this data which means that we can communicate using our Max account.
And I just did a check to see whether any of that data was sensitive. So it's all publicly available data.

So what I think we'll do is we'll get the developer to communicate with the
product owner. At the moment I think we've got a test harness working. We've
probably got the server application working with the agent SDK, but we don't
have a front end. We don't know how we're going to communicate with it yet. So
we'll come back down to this window and we'll just put in a little prompt and
we'll say, can you hand over some information to the product
owner? Firstly, let them know what you've worked on, but also let them know that we
need to come up with a plan of action on the front end. Maybe we need some sort of
mock user interface, a couple of versions that we can potentially iterate on and
come up with a nice front end that can communicate with this agent SDK. And can
you give it any other information that you think is relevant so that we can
have success with this project? So I'm just going to put that prompt in right
there. We'll see what it comes up with. So whatever the answer is here, we're
going to transfer it back over to our product owner conversation and either
update the current functional requirement or create another one. So we've
got this pretty long piece of information as a handover. Once we go all
the way down, it's also got some relevant context for success and we'll just come
to the PO and just paste it in verbatim, see what it does with that. So one of the
things we can see here, Toulon didn't read, is that the back end is done and
tested, needs the PO to spec out the front end chat UI options. Now that's
kicked off as a sub agent, that's probably a good thing. If you're
wondering about that TLDR that Toulon didn't read, you might want to come out
and check my other YouTube channel. It's AITLDR and this channel is all about
faceless YouTube automation. So the sort of stuff we do here is create graphics,
create animations, avatars, all that sort of stuff. And the whole reason for the
FlyGen application that we're trying to build over here is to
build these different tools that will help us be more productive with this
particular YouTube channel. So enough of the self-promotion, let's go and have a
look at what it's doing right here. It's still writing the requirements document.
One of the things to notice here, so what it's done is taken the information and
said that FR or feature request number 3 is complete and it's planning for feature
request number 4, which is a chat interface or the chat user experience.
And the good thing is it's doing a lot of the update on the Claude SDK
integration document, so we haven't changed our source of TRF document.
I was able to press Ctrl O which expanded everything and the good thing is
it's also got a couple of ideas on what the user interface could be.
That's probably going to show up at the end anyway, but we can look at it ahead of time.
So the first one, the minimal, is just a chat where Claude says something,
the human says something, Claude says something and any tools that are being
used such as reading or writing from the file system are available.
I don't really get this option B, I don't like that, the way it's working,
and option C looks fairly fancy but unless we're using a fancy user interface like the Versel
like the Versel Agent SDK, I don't want to get into that, so I think we're going to go with option
A anyway. We press Ctrl O and we come back to the main conversation and here we get a summary of
everything that's working. So we've got a couple of documents being updated for us.
We've got the new PRD document which is FR04, Front End Chat Interface, and we've got our three
options. Its recommendation is that we start with option A, so I reckon we can just come back over
here. I'm just going to type progress, what that should do is reload this context with the information
we just read from the left and the way that does that is it's reading from either the backlog
or from the changelog file and we can see that going on. It also has access to brainstorming notes
so sometimes when I'm just thinking of something and I want it in the application I'll use the
brainstorming rather than the backlog or the changelog and I've just put in slash dev that
should bring in the developer agent and I said can you implement FR4 and it's just occurred to
me that where we're going to put it which is date to the brain, hopefully it's going to show up here
but we haven't stated where it should show up, hopefully it'll just work that out. So it's
getting into the coding now, it's got a plan of action that it's going to work through so
firstly it's going to create a use socket hook that should be on the react side of things.
By the way when I said that that's an educated guess because I don't really know how to
use react which is what I love about Claude Code and the Opus 4.5 model is that you don't have to
be a developer, you really just have to understand the way software flows. Now if you are a developer
of course it's a lot easier because you can make more informed decisions as you go but we're just
seeing there that the chat panel is being created and being able to read code is important because
this here is a bit of a problem. What it's doing is saying day two is kybernesis. Now that used to
be day two but kybernesis is a memory system that we want to do on day three so I might need to
rename it along the way. Now I haven't used kybernesis yet but what it is over here we can
see it and it's fairly new if you come to this website it's kybernesis.ai there is a wait list
to join it. I've been given early access so I'm trying to test it out as a friend of mine has this
and what it is is essentially a memory system so we have a memory graph it's got I won't say it's
got rag because it's got a more intelligent sort of self-editing system there is rag of course going
on there there's also an agent system now we're only using it for the memory part but none of that
happens until tomorrow anyway I wasn't going to do it today because I don't know how to use it yet
and that creates a little bit of fear when you're trying to build those sort of things
because you don't know whether it's going to take one hour or 10 hours but the good thing is when
we're using Claude code it's just so powerful that we can usually muddle through most sorts
of problems that we run into and look at that it's just finished and I just noticed a screen
change so we've got something going on I don't know if it works I'm just gonna say hello and
you can't see that because behind my head but say hello David from and we'll just say can you
do a story about the quick brown fox jumping over the lazy dog and I'm just letting the voice
agent type that in and it's going up into the top area it says sending down in the bottom right
hand corner oh look at that and that feels okay you know we might be done for the night
so let's see what we've got here front end chat ui is complete implemented option a I'm sure we
could come back and do option b or c later on we've got use socket we've got a chat panel
date to carbon a sees rapper that's the only thing I want to change I want to say
one of the things that we did was we renamed day two which was kyber nacies to the check
or to the Claude agent sdk and now kyber nacies is for day three so what I wouldn't mind you
doing is just modifying that class name so what I wouldn't mind you doing is modifying that class
name or file name so we'll let that kick in and see whether at least changes it otherwise we'll
have confusion a bit later on in the system and we want to try and knock any issues that we see
ahead of time on the head otherwise you just create more pain for yourself so you might be
able to see over there that it's writing a little bit of code you might be wondering a little bit
about my setup so what I've got is a 30 inch monitor in front of me but over here on the right
I've got a 27 inch monitor that's actual in vertical alignment and with that in and with
that being the case what I can do is have multiple terminals so what we're seeing is another set of
terminals down below the ones that we were looking at up here and I share that because when you're
writing code having access to these different terminals in different orientations so I like to
have the terminals vertical I like to have VS code on the horizontal so if we press VS code right
there we can see the information that's currently in VS code again as a developer in the past we
would have looked at this information all the time but we haven't looked at it once in this
entire project today but that gets me thinking that we could do so where did they put that
component so day one harness day two agent SDK has been renamed but let's see what's going on
over here that all looks finished what I want to do is give this as a handover conversation back
to the product owner so we'll just say can you create a handover document for the product owner
just showing everything that you've completed while you do that is there anything that we
missed or anything that the product owner needs to be aware of so we'll just let that prompt kick in
we'll press enter

So we have our handover to the product owner going on here, we can see that it's got information
about FR3 and FR4, we've got areas of code, what's been changed, stuff like that.
We've also got where that little test harness is that we created earlier.
We can talk about how to run the application.
So it's currently running on port 5400 on my computer.
So I'm just going to grab all the information to the bottom and we'll pop in over here and
paste it in.
And so we're currently letting the product owner know that there's updated documentation
coming in from the developer.
While that's happening, we'll run a git status over here so we've got a bunch of new files
in the system.
Let's take a quick look.

So I think we'll finish it there. I've got the conversation working and needs
some formatting of some form but at the moment we've done the FlyGen harness
that was yesterday. Today we've worked on the primary brain which is Claude Agent
SDK. Tomorrow we'll work on the second brain which will hopefully be with
KyberNexus if we can get it working and then from a serious
continuity point of view we're going to get into a lot of the image generation
once we've got these foundational areas done. Anyway I'm Abbey Dave please like
and subscribe. Anyway I'm Abbey Dave please like and subscribe and I'll see
you in the next video.

