It's day 5 of the 12 days of Clawedmas.
This is a project in which we're trying to build tools or micro
applications every day for 12 days
using vibe coding and nothing but Claude code.
Now to have a look at where we're up to in our quest progress
we started day one with building a little harness
in which to put all our tools and our applications.
After that we went on to brain related objects. So the first one was the
primary brain
which was related to just talking to chatbots
and then the secondary brain was related to talking to memory.
So what that means is that we've got the harness
it has concepts like configuration and settings
after that we went to the brain and if we had a little bit of a conversation
of what do I have available for me
in the Kybernesis brain and we just let this conversation
go through on the chatbot.
The chatbot is the day 2 brain
while the memory that we're talking to right now Kybernesis
is a graph memory store and we're using it
externally to get information that's in that store.
And we can see that information
in the Kybernesis brain and we can see that
information in the graph
brain that is Kybernesis right here. Then on day four what we did was we moved
into image generation where we used
two different routers for image and video models. So we got
FAL AI and we got
CHI AI and then we were able to use it with different models.
But the idea of the FlyGen system that we're putting together is
ultimately to go down to storytelling
which I hope to get to on day 11 but at the moment we're on day 5.
So day 5 is going to be about text to speech.
So day 5 is going to be about text to speech
and what we're going to use for that is 11Laps.
So now that we know what we're up to let's come up with a little bit of a
plan of action and we'll jump on down to the Claude
terminal where I've just started a brand new Claude code
and I've got a little bit of progress on where we're at and we'll figure out what
we're doing today.

I think the way we'll go about it today is that we'll go into a planning phase.
What I'll do is I'll use a voice agent, meaning I'll talk into the microphone and whatever
I say will go directly into Claude Code.
Now what we want to do is maybe create some sort of story narrative, something short,
and with that story narrative being created, we want to split it up into what I call beats,
these visual sections that we can define, and with that we could maybe create an image
at the beginning, an image in the middle, and an image at the end, and the reason this
would be interesting is that tomorrow when we do the video creation, we could use those
images and the narration to make a little movie.

So let's start talking to Cloud Code. We're down in the terminal and we're
going to say today what we're going to do is create some sort of tool related
to 11 Labs. The way we're going to do that is to create a tiny story. This
little story will be narrated by 11 Labs and I'm just letting this come through
and I'm pressing shift to enter twice because I want to start the next
sentence. The story that we're creating today will be the quick brown fox jumps
over the lazy dog and what you need to notice about this story that I just gave
you is that it is only two beats in length and with that I also want you to
develop three visual concepts. The first one will be the beginning of the scene,
the second one will be the middle between the two beats and the third one
will be the end of the scene. You are allowed to creatively modify the story
slightly so long as it remains as two beats. You will then go into visual
development so the first thing that you will do is come up with a comic style
that's easy to draw, very colourful and something that we could use consistently
in any of the images that we generate. Then because we have three different
images that we want to create what I want you to do is develop two different
styles for each of the three images. Then I want you to come up with just
image ideas for the three different images we need to create. Once you've
come up with the ideas I want you to develop two distinct prompts that are
slightly different from each other to give us variation for each of the three
image ideas and make sure that each of the image prompts use the style of
comics that you've gone with. It's very important that when you create the image
prompts that the second one is a continuation of the first one from a
visual perspective and that the third one is a continuation of the second one
from a visual perspective because what we're going to use is image to image
video generation models and it's important that the scenes make sense. Can
you now develop a multi-part plan of which in part of it we will be using 11
labs and we'll deal with that when we do the requirements document but so long as
everything's in the plan I'll be happy. So what I've really been doing with that
particular plan is getting ready for a few different video concepts so we know
we can do images we did that yesterday. We're in the middle of doing the 11 labs
which is the test of speech but tomorrow we want to create some sort of video
stuff so if we can bring these three concepts together with a story and then
maybe later on do the music then it means when we get to day 11 the idea of
doing a story becomes really easy. So all we need to do now is go back down to the
terminal and press enter now all we have to do is go back to the temp now all we
have to do is go back to the terminal and we can press enter and see what it
comes up with.

So we have our creative brief developed for day five. This is excellent and it's
the fox and the lazy dog as a mini story. So the original is the quick brown fox
jumps over the lazy dog but it's developed it into two different beats. A
quick brown fox discovers a lazy hound dozing beneath an old oak tree and with
one graceful leap the fox soars over the sleeping dog and it disappears into a
golden meadow. With that we have the full script narrative that we'll go over
to 11 laps.

Now we have this little plan that we've created what we can do is just cherry
pick the area we need for the 11 labs and we'll build a requirements document
so it should be as simple as going back to our conversation and we'll use the
PO so the product owners developed in such a way that it knows how to write
functional requirement specs and the interesting thing is as soon as the PO
loaded it just started building a functional requirement spec for number
11 something we should probably tell it can you make sure that you use an API
key that I already have in the environment I'll let that come through
and I'm just going to paste in the 11 labs API key

So it's written a requirements document for us. I'm not paying too much attention to what's
going on in there. We will look at it in a moment. What we'll do is we'll go over to a new version
of Claw and we'll go straight into our developer agent and ask him to implement FR11 I believe.

Now, I don't know whether it's going to come up with a visual interface for us, but we
can go talk about what it could do by coming back to our FlyGen application.
So yesterday we were working on the images and this is the sort of stuff we're going
to need before we can do our video generation, but today we're working on the test of speech.
At the moment there's nothing there, but what I'm hoping we could at least get done by the
end of this session is some sort of audio playback button, some sort of audio player
that could just play whatever lyrics, some sort of audio player that could just play
the narration back to us.

So, it looks like it's finished some coding, I'm not sure what it's done.
What we'll do is we'll pop over to a new window and I'm just going to start the server.
Let's see if it starts first.
So, we've got our server kicking off and look at that, it's saying that 11 Labs is configured
down the bottom, so this is a good thing.
And we'll just come over to our website, it's saying it's connected and we'll click on the
TTS, see what comes up.
And that's looking really promising.
So, we've got some sort of voices and we've got a sentence, let's just click on that and
generate the audio.
How perfect is this?
We've got a play button but we've also got a download, let's see if it works.
A quick brown fox discovers a lazy hound dozing beneath an old oak tree.
With one graceful leap, the fox soars over the sleeping dog and disappears into the golden
meadow.
How cool is that?
And we can do a download on it, so we could even use that audio exactly how it is tomorrow
when we do the video.
So we can almost call this closed off but what we'll do one more time is we'll use the
download button, we'll bring it down and that's just gone into my downloads directory.
We'll go back to the terminal and we'll just have one little question.
If I wanted to put the mp3 files somewhere so that we can serve them more readily in
our application tomorrow, where would you put it?
And for the following narration, how would you rename this file?
What I'll do is I'll just press shift enter twice and I'll put in the original file which
is in the downloads directory but the other thing I'll do is just put in the narration
as well.
We should be able to figure out that the narration is what we want to develop a file name around.
It knows where the original is.
I have no idea where it's going to put it, probably in a server directory and hopefully
named correctly.
This is perfect.
So we've got audio, we'll go into the audio directory and it's come up with a name.
We can just press tab and hopefully we will now have this new structure in place.
So it looks like it's going to think of it as assets with the fox story and so anything
we do for the fox story would all be in one location.
While we're waiting on that, I'm just going to make sure that I've got a visual studio
open and I do and that will allow us to go and have a look at this assets directory,
fox story, audio, there's our asset and let's see what happens if we play it, nine seconds
long.
Perfect, that's the one we wanted.
So one more thing just to close things off, we'd better say, can you create a handover
conversation for the product owner?
We'd better let the product owner know what we've done, especially this new section that
we've added, that way he can document it correctly so then when we're doing our movies or whatever,
we know where all the files are going to get stored.
Now that's a pretty extensive document that we're bringing through so I think we can just
go down to the bottom, we'll copy that and we'll just paste it in and make sure that
the backlog or the changelog or even just the story itself gets updated and that's exactly
what's happening, the backlog and the changelog are being read right now.
Hopefully there's some sort of statuses and we can just update it, backlog's just been
updated now.
We're also updating the ClaudeMD, so this is the system prompt for this particular application,
so whenever we open up a new Claude instance in this folder and we can see the folder just
here, it will have whatever information was in that ClaudeMD available and see right here
that the changelog is updating and at the very end of this what we'll do is we'll do
a commit so that we can make sure that the code is up in the repository.
We'll be able to access everything from the repository anyway.
So that's looking good, we'll just do a commit.
So it's just adding the files and creating the commit message right here, it's doing
a git status, it's letting us know that we've probably got to do a push.
There's the commit message that it's done so we'll just run the git push ourselves.
That's done and my GHB and then I run GHB but let's just do it and then I run a little
alias called GHB but let's run a which on it so that we can see what it is and it's
just alias to github browse so GHB and you can see it's just opening and you can see
our repository in the browser so we can see it right here and it says day 5 11 labs tester
speech has been added one minute ago.
By the way if you ever want to get any of the code you can just go over to this repository.
I usually like to use the github CLI to do a github repo clone and you can bring the
information down to your system.

So that brings us to the end of day five. So that's now implemented. Tomorrow
we're going to work on the video system. Now if you're ever interested in working
with me you may want to join my community. There should be a link in the
description or if you'd like to and we could just generate the audio like and
subscribe or if you like to please like and subscribe and I'll see you in the next video.
I'm Abbey Dave I'll see you in the next video.

Or if you like please like and like and subscribe and I'll see you in the next video
What he said

Now, if you want to follow anything else that I'm doing on Vibe Coding, Context Engineering
or this 12 Days of Clawdmas, then please like and subscribe and I'll see you in the next
video.
What he said, I'll see you in the next video, I'm Appy Dave.

