Welcome to day 8 of the 12 days of Claude-mas and what we've been doing over the last 7 days is we've been building this application called FlyGen
and we started off by creating a couple of brains, a primary brain and a second brain.
And everything we've been doing has been done using Claude code and vibe coding techniques.
For the last 4 days we've been working on the creatives, so we did image generation.
After that we did text to speech, video generation and yesterday we created our own songs.

Now as we move out of the creative into the integration, what I'm considering is the idea of creating some sort of compound tool that could build thumbnails for me.
Now if you look at thumbnails on the AppyDave channel, they generally follow this simple formula.
What we have behind the scenes is some sort of background.
And I do that in Canva, so it'll look something like this and I'll be able to put images somewhere.
And over the last six months I've said this has generally been the format I've used.

Now the next thing I like to do is get an image and we'll just capture something right
now and we'll paste it in and the idea is this image will just go into the background
somewhere.

After I've got the image in place, the next thing I would do is put in some text and put it into some sort of location on the screen.

So with the three layers in place the last area I might do is go and add an
image of me and I essentially have these different poses that I did a few years
ago that I could use however I like. Now for this project I've also been doing

Now, for this project, I've also been playing around with a slightly different version.
It's still just an image, it's still just got the background, it doesn't have thumbnail
test and rather than me, it's just got a graphic.
You can see that those graphics are just being generated over in ChatGPT.

So let's work through what it is we're going to build.
So when we look at this...

Now in today's video I'm not looking to create a replacement for Canva but I
think I can start down the path of having a full-blown thumbnail generator
and when I look at what we've got here where we've got this logo we've got this
little shape and we've got these shapes down behind what I can see is that
we've got one square which can be rendered probably using HTML because
other than the logo itself everything else is just a square on different
angles after that we just need to have a frame somewhere where we can inject an
image and that image if it overlaps and if that image is too big for the frame
and it gets cut off so if we double click on these images we can see there's
more to it than what you actually see on the screen

Now the next part is what is the thumbnail test that we're going to show
and normally what we've got is maybe one or two of these little panels and the
panels will be in one of the three brand colors which will be the light brown the
dark brown or the yellow sometimes even white and then there will be a
contrasting color sitting on top of it with the Bebaz new font.

So the last layer that I put on which is a bit random in its positioning will be some
sort of image so it will either be an image of me or it will be some sort of symbolic
image of what the video is going to be about.

So layer 1 is going to be some sort of background that we can use for a template.
Layer 2 will be the area where we can put our main image that takes up the bulk of the screen.
Layer 3 will be somewhere where we can put different types of thumbnail text, each with different contrasting colour panels.
And layer 4 will either be an image of me or an image of the concept being talked about.

Now, to get started today, what we're going to need is some sort of requirements based
on everything I just talked about.
So we'll come into Claude Code as usual and we'll just do progress and we'll just see
where Claude Code thinks we're up to.
So it's come up, it understands that we worked on FR11 which was the music generator.
What we're doing today is working on the thumbnail generator.
Now to come up with our requirements today, what I thought we'd do is do a little bit
of a planning mode directly in that window but rather than having to type everything,
what I'd like to do is introduce us to where interrupt which is part of tomorrow.
What I'd like to do is introduce us to, what I thought we could do is introduce you to
interrupt.
Now, interrupt is something that we'll be talking about tomorrow and this is the idea
of can we get information or context for our applications from other applications.

Now, as I've been recording this video, another application that I Vibe coded being FlyHub
has been taking copies of each of these recordings and what it's been doing is building up a
bit of a chapter list and it's been building up a bunch of transcripts.
And so the good thing is if we were to actually read those transcripts and put them into Claude,
we would have all the context we need for this application because I've been talking
about it through the beginning of this video.
So what I'll do is we'll come back to the FlyHub system.
The last recording I just did, we'll do a rename on it at the moment.
We'll discard one that wasn't really relevant and it's just popped in here in planning.
This is what we're doing.
Right now a transcription should be kicking in and if we wanted to watch that video, we
could come over here and we can see that that recording is definitely sitting
there being transcribed right now.
And we've got two ways we could gather the information from this application and use
it in the other one.
So we could go and just get the transcript here, copy and paste it.
This is the way we can do it and this is the way we're going to do it today.
But tomorrow what I'm going to do is show you how we can use skills directly in the
terminal to get the same information.

So, let's start our planning with a simple prompt that goes, can you read the following
transcript and what you're trying to do is assess what sort of requirements or at least
the mock interface that we would like to build for a thumbnail generator and we'll just pop
that in and what I'm going to do is just do a paste and so now everything that we've said
in the video should actually be coming in as context and you can see at the beginning
it says welcome to day 8 of the 12 days of Clawdmas, that's how I started and then we
got into the requirements and the planning that we've been talking about.
So we've got these clear ideas that we talked about.
So we've got the clear ideas that we discussed, we've got layer 1 for the background, we've
got layer 2 for the main background image.
So now we've got these ideas that we discussed, we've got layer 1 for the background template,
layer 2 is the image that fits on the template, layer 3 are any text panels and layer 4 is
an overlay image.

Now the first thing is we need this background template so what I've done is
taken a screenshot of it it's called image 2 here and we'll just say image 2
happens to be the background template that we want to use don't worry about
the logo be more aware of the three different colored blocks that we got
there. The first one being dark brown then we've got the light brown then
we've got another dark brown the first one being light brown the first one
being dark brown the second one light brown and the third one dark brown and
if you actually want to know the colors then can you go and read my branding
guidelines to learn what the dark brown and the light brown color actually are
so we'll put that in and that should use a skill to find that information. Next I
want it to understand this background image so I've just pasted in image 3
and we'll say I've given you image 3 that shows you exactly how one of the
images that we want to use on top of the template would look we'll just paste
that in there. Now what I'm doing is I'm pasting in image number 4 and with 4 in
what we've got is this little image that we show on top of the background so
we'll come back to the conversation and say please note that layer 1 the
background is fixed in position note that layer 2 which is the image that we
put on top is also fixed in position I've now given you image 3 and what that
is is the image that we want to put somewhere on the page but please
remember that I've also told you this out of order because that's for layer
4. Now I probably should come back and edit this for that particular issue but
we'll keep going but we'll keep going and we'll talk about layer 3 and for
layer 3 what we're putting on is the thumbnail text so when you do the
thumbnail text you'll notice that it can come in different background colors and
foreground colors so these colors need to be configurable you can also see
that the text is a little bit different in each of them that needs to be
configurable and we can have up to three of these panels so we'll just paste in
that part of the prompt what we'll do is we'll come to one of these and what
we'll do is we'll take a screenshot of one of these and come down and just
paste that in as image 5 and the last part of this prompt should be can you
look through this information and come up with the shape of the data that we
probably have to have are there any fields are there any check boxes
generally how would you configure this and then can you just create a simple
little mock for me in an ASCII layout and we'll just put that in and let's see
what happens when it reads that information

So the first thing it's done for us is come up with the colors from my brand
system. Now if we pop over to Canva for a second you'll be able to see that that
is actually correct as I have it in Canva as well and that's because I have
it documented in the system and there's a skill that can go and grab that
information whenever I need. It's come up with some sort of idea for the
configuration, the structure of it and then it's presenting to us an ASCII
mock so we've got the thumbnail generator. Now ASCII doesn't really give
us a great representation of the shapes but this feels right. We've got generator
PNG, download, reset, this sounds good and then we've got all this
configuration going on on the right.

So what we have so far is kind of an understanding of how the layout could
work, the configuration. We also have an understand of how the different layers
of the thumbnail could work and we know from yesterday when we were working with
the music generator that one of the skills from Anthropic, the front-end
design I think it was called, kicked in and helped to build a better design for
us. So what I think we'll do is while we're still in the planning mode I might
just put in a prompt that says can you use the front-end design skill and
consolidate all this information around the design of what the edit space looks
like, the screen where we're doing all the editing and also an understanding of
all the four layers and the way this is all going to be and the way
thumbnails, the way I create them are all layered together. So we'll put
that in place and let's see what Claude Code comes up with and
there it is kicking in right now. This is the front-end design skill and that
skill will be able to articulate how to do a user experience and the UI much
better than I can. I like this idea here so the professional composter aesthetic
it's Figma meets After Effects. We're going to have some sort of layer stack.

Now normally I would like to use the PO to do the requirements and the
developer to do the development but this has gone in and done it
automatically. It could be because I wasn't explicit in saying just do
exploration but that's okay it's gone and built something for us. So the
architecture is four layers, composter and the UI layout is what we're seeing
here so let's just see what that could look like. We'll come over to our
application and we are on day eight and hey look at that that is pretty good I
wonder if it works so can I drag stuff no I can't drag stuff. It's like we can
drag an image let's click on the background so nothing's editable but we
do have the configured values correct so it wouldn't be a hard task to change
this or maybe have some sort of theme that we could drop down when we get to
the test panels what do we got we got these let's see what happens if we
change it okay so it's not a drag and drop it's going to be a position as you
need it to be so we'll go and change that one and let's see what happens with
an overlay image we'll enable it and we can drag it okay I think we'll go and add
a background so to test the background image we'll click on this button and
what we'll do is we'll just go to a folder where I put a file called one PNG
and what it is is just a screenshot of what we're seeing on the screen already
we'll go and change our text panels so that they're up in the top I think so
we've got Claude code up in the top top can we change the color of it or we can
and we'll change this one to say thumb to say thumbnail generator and we will
also move that up to the top center I guess we might also move this one to the
I was just about to move this to the right and the drop down which you can't
see in the video didn't have it so I've just asked it to go and make a change
for me we'll come back and I now have a top right so we'll see what happens that
just worked this is great now in updating the code it cleared everything so
we don't have persistence which we haven't been doing in these which we
haven't been doing in these sessions which we haven't been doing in these
sessions anyway but what we can do is get ourselves back up and running so we
got our thumbnail generator which we'll put in the middle and we will make it
yellow as a background and we'll try a black as a foreground and we will take
Claude code and put it over on the right

And then the last area would be some sort of overlay image, which might be an image
of me, but what we'll do is we'll just head down to ChatGPT and I've said, can you just
summarize into 150 words what we've already talked about in this video?
And so we've got that information, I'm just going to copy it.
And I've just come over to ChatGPT where I've said, can you come up with three image prompts
based on the information here?

Now ChatGPT has come up with some designer ideas and we've got this
thumbnail stack layout tool or brand panels I think that's the one I want to
download so we'll come back over here looks like we've got to enable it we'll
just click here and it's to foreground let's see what happens if we load that
in so it's made a slight mistake in that what it's done is thought of it more
like the logo what I told it not to do but this is actually really interesting
in its own right it's even got some sort of a scale that's pretty cool I reckon I
think let's try this export that's not available yet so I think we could call
this an end anyway because this was the idea can we in each session

So to be honest, I think that's enough for day 8, we've got a thumbnail generator, there's
plenty I could do to extend it, there's a few improvements that I would love to make
with it.
But the great thing is that we VibeCoded that in about an hour and that's the power of using
Claude Code and VibeCoding.
If you're interested in more advanced forms of coding using context engineering and maybe
something like the B-MAD method, then check out the videos on my channel or join the Skill
Community, there is a link down in the description.
I'm Happy Dave, please like and subscribe, I'll see you in the next video.

