It's day 11 of the 12 days of Claude-ness. We're nearly to the end of
doing vibe coding using Claude code for all the little micro applications we're
building. Now yesterday what we worked on was the N8N workflow, complex
workflows for image and video generation. What we're doing today is putting it
all together in storytelling.

Now, the progression we've been working through is that we had the foundational application
and then the couple of brains in the first three days.
After that, we went on to the creative, so that was image, voice, music.

Today being storytelling, what I think we should do is look at the creative section.
That means we could bring together the narration with a little bit of music,
we could take the images and generate a bit of video,
and then together we can combine them and create a complete video.
Anyway, let's get into it.

We're starting at a blank canvas here with the Story Builder but we've got all these
capabilities that were built over the last 10 days and hopefully a few of them could
integrate together to help us come up with an idea.
So what I think we'll do is come up with some sort of 15 second story because we can use
the N8n workflows to generate 5 second videos and we just need 3 of them and I think what
we can do is build our prompts using the voice commands and the intake system and I might
just use regular Claude code to come up with some music or narration sort of prompts to
go with it, a story maybe.
So the best place to start is the intake and what we're going to do is create some little
audio video files and what we'll do is we'll put them over in Flyhub, we'll create a new
chapter in a moment, we'll call it chapter 2 and that's where we're going to put any
of the prompts that are going to come through to the intake either as the prompt for generating
an image or the prompt for editing that image into something different or the prompt for
doing the animation.

Now a simple idea for what the three beats or the 15 seconds of video will be
is that in the first five seconds we might show the proverbial iceberg on top
is some vibe coded prompting down below is some code. In the second beat it might
be good if we had say the video in the second beat it might be good to take the
narration the music and the images and generate a video and that could be the
transition we're looking for and the third beat which again will be five
seconds could be the 12 gifts the 12 gifts of Claudemus being given and what
are they so that seems like the harnesses the brains the creatives the
foundations and the integrations. So we'll come over to our flyhub application
because this is what we can integrate with and what we'll do is create a new
chapter and this is going to be the prompts chapter and whenever we create
any prompts they will come through as videos and go into a new section here
called zero three prompts

First prompt is of an iceberg, and above the iceberg is some vibe coding prompts, and below the waterline is the code generated by the prompts.

Prompt, edit the image so that we're focused in on just the code and we have more detail.

Prompt. Cinematic zoom from the top of the iceberg down to the bottom of the iceberg where the code is.

Prompt, show 3 media files, one is a narration, one is a music file and one is an image.
Show them in a Venn diagram where there is something overlapping but we don't know what.

Prompt, edit the image so that a video is showing on top of the Venn diagram showing the narration, the music and the image file.

Prompt. The narration, the music and the image file all start moving and coming together to form a video production and a final video.

Prompt, show Claude code in a terminal with the title 12 GIFs.

Prompt. Edit the image so it has the words Foundation, Brain, Creative, Integration and Finale.

Prompt, Claude Code Terminal breaks up to become Foundation Brain Creative Integration
and Finale.

Now what I did there was create nine different videos
representing nine different prompts and if we were to go and click on those
individual videos what we would see is the text
that I was saying and this one we could use to build our first
image, the second one we could build to edit that image
and the third one we could build to animate between the two images
and this was all part of the interrupt
area and essentially what we're going to need is the code of the video
C06 and whatever chapter and segment code
we'd like to pull in

So, we've come over to the Interopt and we know that it's project code C06.
We know that we're on chapter 3 and we'll put in a little code for this project.
We'll call it 002 and we know that we want to grab from segment 1, 2 and 3.
So if we do an import, we should get those prompts coming through.
So I'm just going to press save and that should now be loaded.
Now I've just changed the project code but now we're going to do segment 4, 5 and 6.
We'll load those in and save the project and then we come back up to the project code,
change it and we're going to put in 7, 8 and 9 and import that and we'll just save the
project.
Now keep in mind this is not the most efficient way to put in prompts but the idea was to
test the Interopt which we did and we already had an application that we could communicate
with.
Now keep in mind that this is not the optimal way to put prompts into a system but this
was really about demonstrating the intake capability or the Interop.
Now that's not the most efficient way to load in prompts but this was about testing the
Interopt which we had done to talk to the Flyhub application.
Now that's not the most efficient way to load in prompts but it does allow us to demonstrate
the Interop with the Flyhub application.

So now I'd like to generate images and videos and we know we've got project code VSS 02 through to 04
so we should be able to come over to the N8N workflow
I've picked 002 and we'll just load that project in
and now what we can do is run it through these compilation prompts to produce machine prompts
So we'll click on this button, it's using the Claude Agent SDK which is from Day 2 Brain
and here's our prompt for the first image, it's a minimalist iceberg diagram illustration
split composition showing tip above the water
I didn't put in a style, I probably should have, but this should be a good starting point
and then we've got crop the image tightly to only show the code section
and this feels a bit wrong, this is a zoom out to show the full iceberg
I'm not sure whether that's what we want
so I might just be a little bit more explicit here
so I've changed the voice prompt to cinematic pan from vibe text at the top of the iceberg
down to the bottom of the iceberg where the code will be and zoom in
so we'll just do a generation again
and I have decided I will do a bit of style so I've just put into the first and the second prompt
which is all about the image generation that it's an arcade 8-bit graphic
so we'll do one more re-gen of the machine prompts
and we can see those prompts changing here and here
and let's just see what happens when we generate it with N8N
now the reality is I haven't tested this so I'm not sure how well this is going to look in the video
normally we do a few iterations
but this video is more about the vibe coding and how we just put together applications
just by talking to Claude
but the demonstration here today is more about how we vibe code and how we put together applications quickly
and this is day 10
and this is day 11 where we're putting together the story so hopefully it's going to work out okay

While we are waiting for that to generate I will show a previous version that I did
and this was using the golden age of comics as a style and what we have got is our iceberg
image 1, our iceberg image 2 and then we have got our little video we could play that and
just see it changing and zooming in at the moment.
But it looks like this one is finished we have got our 8 bit graphics lets see what
we get.
So we have this vibe coding prompt ideas that's the iceberg we have got the code down the
bottom and we can see it is zoomed in quite well.
Lets just see what happens if, lets just see what the animation looks like if we play it
and it is suddenly zooming in on the code down below.
That is awesome I think what we can do is just move on to the third one so that is awesome.
So get us to go on to VS 003 we will load that in.
That is awesome so lets load in 003.

So I've just annotated these two prompts with the style that we want, we'll just generate
a machine prompt for this.
We've got the modification to have 8-bit graphics, we'll just generate the image.
We'll generate the two images and the video again, looks like I've got a slight bug because
our history isn't showing the one that we did generate.
But let's just check it is down in VS Code so we can see the images here, we can also
see the video that we want to play.
So when the new one comes down it'll go into 0003 folder.

And the status just changed. Let's see what we got.
Narration, music, image and I don't really...
Oh yes, I see a little bit of difference. We've got some space invaders below it.
Let's see what happens if we play this. So the three areas
in a VIN diagram and the text is...
Whoa, that's really cool. That's interesting.

So let's go and do our last one this is number four and we'll load the project
and we'll change it to 8-bit arcade game we'll paste it in twice and we will
generate our prompts for this one. Noticing another bug and that's that the
prompts don't get cleared away when we load in the human one but this
generation is a CRT monitor showing clawed code and we've got 12 GIFs now
that's not spelt right so I'll change it in the human one and we'll let it
regenerate through here that's looking a lot better and we've got the edit in
place let's now see what happens when we generate these images and while we're
waiting for that I'll just take you over to dreaming computers so this is Steve
who built these workflows for me he's a friend who lives in the same city that
I'm in this one's for the not clean clean still standing so this is a video
done by a mate of mine Steve he's from dreaming computers and you can find out
more about what he does with video generation and movie making over on
dreamingcomputers.com but the sort of work he does with comfy UI and advanced
models and and advanced models and advanced models and workflows is really
cool and being able to hook it up to something simple like N8N is a real
gift for me but let's come back and see where we're up to it's still generating
the workflow these actually take about two or three minutes to run the way
they are at the moment

Now it looks like that's finished so we have the 12 GIFs and then we've got it
changing to foundation let's go and hit play on this see what we get and pretty
good effect coming through

So as per usual what we'll do is we'll head over to Claude code and I've just run the progress command to bring everything up to date where we're at.
Now before I did this video I also changed a few stories because things like saving the videos and saving the images wasn't working.
So there's been a couple of new stories added in but we should be up to day 11.
We are and I'm just going to put in a quick planning sort of prompt and say can I just get you to read the following information and just say yay and wait.
And we're just putting that in and what we'll do is we'll paste in all the transcript that we had.

well that's pretty cool I think what we want to do now is try and figure out the
music and lyrics and I think the easiest way is just to grab the transcript from
this video that we've been recording so everything I've been saying like the
prompts and all the different sections we've got a transcript for that so if
we click on that we can see the intro it's we can see intro it says it's day
11 of the 12 days of Chlordmas if we go down further we should be able to see
all the prompts that we wrote and what we could do is just copy this and use
it in Chlordmas

Now it's loaded the whole transcript into context, but what we really want to do is
break it out into two things.
The first is the lyrics for some sort of song that goes for about 15 seconds, not much longer
than that.
And the other is what sort of music would make sense.
So we'll come back to our terminal.

If you understand the information I just gave you the transcript for the video
that we're creating and you can see that there are a bunch of prompts in the
middle of it around about chapter 3 what you should be able to figure out is that
we've got this 15 second video that we're trying to create. Now the 15 second
video is made up of three lots of three images, three 5 second videos each with
their own starting and ending image and a little bit of an animation. The other
thing that's going on is that there are three beats in a story so what I need
you to do for me is come up with four variations of what a 15 second lyrics
could look like and then after that can you also give me a musical style that
would make sense probably to do with the 8-bit graphics and so we'll let that
come through and we'll see what we get. We should get four separate lyrics that
we could play around with and one sort of musical style.

so what we've got here are a bunch of lyrics we could play with and it should
be fairly easy to come over to our lyric engine we'll go with a female first and
we'll just generate an audio and that's only second seven seconds long so I
don't think it prompts above below watch the magic start to flow narration
racing don't know whether the audio came through in the video correctly but what
we'll do is we'll come back and say that first narration you gave me was only
seven seconds long when played I need it to be about 18 seconds long so let's
play that let's see what that does and so we've got a new under work with let's
copy that and we'll come back to our tool we'll paste it in and we'll stay
with the female we'll generate and it's a little bit of trial and error at the
moment because the one we just did went for 26 seconds and I think that's perfect
we're on 15 I changed the voice prompts above and code below watch the magic
start to flow narration music images unite coming together shining bright
12 gifts emerge into the light foundation brains and creative might so that
one's okay it's a little boring as a voice but what we should be able to do
now is pick a musical style we'll come back to our application this time we're
doing music and I'm going to use Sunu and I think and I can pick the latest
version so we'll do that and we'll just paste that in and I've decided to split
it out into multiple fields so we're going to use this style and these tags
so we'll put in the prompt we'll put in the tags and we will try with both lyrics
and no lyrics I'm not sure what's going to happen so we have our first one we'll
just change that to say 8-bit and we'll say no lyrics we'll hit save
as I was thinking most of this was just intro music and the lyrics didn't start
to about the 15th second so I would have to use some sort of editor like DaVinci
Resolve to bring this together which is outside of the scope

Instead, what we'll do is we'll go back to the terminal.
Now we already have all the context of most of what I've said in this video already in
Claude Code.
It already has a little bit of information about what day 11 is going to be, but what
we could do is come down and see if it can write a new specification based on the goals
that we've already talked about.
So let's kick off the prompt as, can I get you to update the requirements document we
have for day 11?
You already know all the information that I've said in the video up until now.
It's good context for you to work with.
I think what we need is some little tool that will allow us to select a narration file,
select a music file and select up to three video files.
And what we're going to do with that is combine the three videos together, hopefully we'll
end up with around about a 15 second video and then we're going to layer on the music
and the music will probably have to have a reduced volume and then after that we'll
layer on the narration.
And the narration should also be optional because we do have versions of the music with
the lyrics already built in.
So we'll put that in and let's just see what it does.

Now, while it tries to figure out the requirements, I will just point out that while I said we
wouldn't do a timeline editor, it probably isn't difficult to say, if you've got a music
file, where do you want to start and where do you want to stop?
So we might be able to do that second variant anyway, we'll just see what it comes up with.
Now you can see it writing the requirements, but I've decided to put in a little prompt
straight away anyway.
It says, can you update the form so that, as an option, we could put in a start and
an end time?
And what that should do from a core functionality point of view is alter this line slightly.
The assembly and the video layering should be pretty similar.
We can see where it's been drawing some mock designs in the documentation it's building.
We can also see that the main tool it's going to use is ffmpeg, and that's a pretty normal
command line tool for doing video editing.
And this is perfect, it's got some configuration ideas for setting the volume of the music,
but also what the start and the end time will be.
So we should just be able to go to the developer, and while he's loading, we'll come back to
our application, and if we look at the story, this is where it's all going to be.
So there'll be some sort of form where we can drop down and select stuff and build up
our video.
So we can see information kicking in.
Notice how Claude knows to automatically give you the next prompt.
So implementing fr20, which is the story builder, is the next thing it thinks we should be doing.
So I press tab and then I press to enter, and there it goes.
It's got 10 little tasks that it's going to work through to build this.
We won't see the actual screen pop up till about this time when the create day 11 builder
front end component happens.
In fact, we won't even see it there because it won't be until it gets wired into the application
that we see it.

So, the creation of the video is all going to happen with this tooling, the FFMPEG Video
Assembler Module.
This is interesting, so behind the scenes on my computer, if we bring up Visual Studio,
we can see this folder called Catalog, so it's going to come up with a new idea for
the videos, and probably not that one, because that's the videos generated from day 6.
These are the videos generated from day 10, so let's just see what it's doing.
It's set up an API endpoint to do all the work.
So when we post to this location APIStoryAssemble, we give all the data that we need, it should
be able to call the FFMPEG function, I'm assuming, though I can't see it in that code.
And now it's about to build the front-end component.
When we look at the website, nothing has changed here just yet.
But with the wiring up right now, we should see this change any moment.
But with the wiring up right now, we should see this change any moment.
But with the wiring up any moment, we should see a change.
What have we got?
It's looking okay, except for this failed to load assets, that's down the bottom.
What I'm going to do is just copy this information, we'll go back to our terminal.
I'm just putting that information in with the failed to load assets when the page loads.
You can see everything it's done.
It's done a fair bit of work, but it's still going to work through this particular issue
for us.
So it had a bit of a misnaming on the assets, it's just called catalog.
And we now have a page, there's no errors, which is good, we can start testing it.
Let's see what happens if we pick a video.

so we're ready to test for the first time I had a little bit of drama
generally working with the length of the songs and whether they were going to
have lyrics or not whether I asked for it or not but what we're going to do is
try and test our first generation so we've got three video clips they add up
to 15 seconds we've got one narration adds up to 15 seconds and we've got one
little audio which we're going to set to 35% now I haven't done the assemble
video yet we're pressing it for the first time and it's failing all I've
done is typed it in all I've done is pasted it in that's coming up with an
idea to fix it bunch of code changes coming through on the FF MPEG says it
should be okay we'll come back try one more time we'll press assemble big errors
like this are actually easier to debug than the little ones because it usually
has the file locations and the interesting issue here is on this line
and the interesting issue is on this line about it not having an audio stream
so the way we bring in videos and audio file can be quite different each time so
we need something more robust than what we're doing but it's assembling a video
for the first time now I've called it iceberg one let's see what happens now I
don't know whether it plays but I can see that it's too long so the video is
only 15 seconds the music is actually 39 but let's just see we're layering the
voice the music and the video so that worked which is cool let's just turn off
some music what I suspect will happen when we get to what I suspect will
happen when we get to 15 seconds is it'll go black or something actually it's
just a lot now so what we want to do is make sure that the length of the video
is no longer than the actual video so we'll come back here and say everything
seems to be working good at the moment the problem is that the videos combined
are 15 seconds but because the audio is 39 seconds that's how long the video is
I don't want it to go for the length of the audio I want it to go for the length
of the combined video so we'll just put that in and see what it does now while
it's doing its thing we should be able to change some music track and we're
going to go to a different music track now while it's doing its thing I know
that the narration works but I'm going to turn it off instead I'm going to play
with instead I'm going to play with music that already has lyrics but I'm
going to increase it to the 15 second mark and if we come down to the code
it's made some sort of change so we'll come back and we will assemble another
video now I don't know the exact time that 50 the lyrics kick in but we've got
something now okay I haven't played it for you but it actually worked so what
I'll do is I will just download it I'll put it into the edit

so I'll put that right at the end of the video anyway I'm happy Dave please like
and subscribe and if you're interested in the prompt engineering or learning
more about vibe coding then check out the link in the description for my school
today was day 11 which was putting it all together tomorrow we'll try and
build a 12 days of Clawdmas song based on the 12 days of Christmas and my goal
with that will be to turn it into a really special sort of standalone video
at the end of the series anyway happy Dave see you soon anyway happy Dave
anyway please like and subscribe I'll see you in the next video

